---
layout: post
title:  "I Love You!"
categories: jekyll update
---
Oh My Morum,

***I Love You Even if my breath goes away, I Love You Even if my life goes away!***

These are lyrics of the song i really like. I think you already know the know, it's called *Uppentha from Aarya 2* Telugu Movie. I just wanted to write it,so don't complain me okay! ❤️

***Morum , Do You Remember the day you were crying just cause your brother got my number Paagal ?***
- You are Crying like anything, Like everything happened at once, waste fellow! And there i was the one who should lose hopes but trying so hard to not let you cry. Don't You see how much i love you paagal? Don't You still get it paagal. That day i was like heart broken the most like anything, like i want to leave you.. Do You know that....?
- But Still i didn't want to leave you! Don't You get it ... I am trying paagal for you. I am trying to play with the fate a little the way you are also trying ....
- You are so stupid .. You Know .? At that time you are the one who is supposed to say bebe i am sorry and bebe nobody will come in between us.. Rather than that you become so weak and saying he will always come in between paagal.. See How i was there .. If you think that didn't make any dent on me ... Bebe morum it fucking killed me that day.. I don't want to drink on saturday's cause of word i gave to mom... But i drank that day that day cause my headache will never go no matter how i try to calm... Do You Still think i don't love you so much haan..?

***Morum , Do You Know the day before that when your dad was not well?***
- It fucking broke my heart... So Stupid You are!
- I am trying so hard to not show you paagal ... do you know ..? Cause if i also become weak at that point would be able to survive..? Do You Know how i was also fighting paagal....

***Do You Know the 10 days i was not a human?***
- Fuck Man... You took your complexities on me every day.. I love it tho. I felt so bad that she is working so bad , but she doesn't have anybody to recognize how much she is putting to help her dad... But at the same time i was so happy that you are showing your anger on me, even though i was not saying any serious things paagal.
- I wanted to show all your anger, stress on me.! I know and i will still say it is bad for me to get scolded for me for doing almost nothing but still getting blamed .. 😅 But i felt so much happy and cool later on knowing that you are atleast showing me your stress on me , even though it made me on my nerves.. I absorbed all through in, cause if not me who will do it bebe haan.?

***Bebe I am Not doing anything wrong okay?***
- Bebe Morum , I know i am busy these days, but do you i was so restless for almost the whole week cause dad was not feeling well. So Many Times I tried to hide my feelings just for You! Even though i was stressed as fuck! For Fuck's Sake i should Never Mention It Lol, But Shit here i am still mentioning it 😅, very Bad i am!
- It's Okay for me bebe, Even if am stressed as fuck, I will still listen to you bebe okay. I would get little angry for little few mins, But Don't You already know that I don't mean it paagal! I Love You Bebe!
- I am not flirting around with anybody , please get it into your head again and again please!

***Couple of Things I wanna Say!***
- Morum, I really don't like it when You Say... You are losing Feeling's and Getting Fucked Up in the whole Life .. I don't want to say it like that .. Please don't take me wrong bebe.. I Just don't like it ... But It's still okay cause i love you and only you! And I can't bear with these words you say to me! But It's Okay I Love You! Yes I Do! I accepted all along the way from so long back and still the same me okay!
- I totally understand you wanted to concentrate on dad , for a while until dad gets better.. Bebe i never stopped or let you not take care of dad... and you never did .. You know that right! So i Will Wait for you! Even though i would feel lonely as fuck and broken.. I think i already told you Paagal!
- I also don't like when you say about past, it someway looks same... I get so fucking angry , i know but still i love you and it's okay! This is who you are! You have seen too much relationships that is not totally worth and judge me sometimes! Judge me all you want, I won't stop loving you tho! 🥹
- Did i still say anything to you or left you .. Just cause you didn't even show your face to me.? It's been 8+ months. Don't You Know.? It's Okay i Don't care about days or months anymore! I love You and I know it Even though i don't see your face where these days people see themselves and are still shit!
- I also get stressed up everyday at work and sometimes i show it a little on you! So don't take it bad okay please! I am Your Bebe Am I not.?😭
- I know you are fighting your lonliness as well .. I know! I am trying ... I am trying! These are not just words!
- I have said to my collegue You know ..? I will try to make it work.. And write a greatest love story among all... Do You Know? I know it's fucking worst with your brother in between, but i happily smile and say, i will try everything within my grasp and try to make it work!
- Shit I wanted to Tell You How Much I love you and miss you ! But these days are fuck , who said all days are smooth.? Did God say that.. Nope Never! If all days are smooth.... Then it's not life that we are living!
- I feel these days so bad. I am not even getting to what are you even doing? at which hour and it fucking kills me! Really it does, thinking fuck i don't even know what my most loved one is doing at times and how she is doing! It's alright! But don't forget to update me! It will fucking kill me! Not Words Again!

***I LOVE YOU***
- I just fucking love your morning voice, that's why I always wake in morning and try to wake you up just to listen You! So Fucking Cute and Feels Home! These Days I can't wake up early ofcourse cause of work and i regret it so many times! 😭
- That Killer Little Smile! Heart Conqueror! AWM+ HeadShot! Nerve's Breaker! Blood Boiler! ❤️
- That Innocence of protecting and helping everybody , trying so hard.. so fucking stupid! 🥺
- That Stupid who waits for me, makes my heart melt many times.. You Paagal 🥹
- Your Kisses Fucking Fucking Fucking Kill me, Not Words Youuuu!
- That Little Girl Who Tries to understand me but always fails , I Love You 😂❤️

Thanks For All the Love, Support, Talks, Cuteness, Shamlessness Sometimes❤️, Kisses ❤️ and all the Shyness! I Just Love You So Fucking Much

**Finally !**
```
Morum,
Bohut Bohut Bohut Pyaar Hai Tujhe!
Moi Toike Bisshi Bisshi Bisshi Morum Kure!
Nenu Ninnu Picchi Picchi Picchi ga Premistunnanu!
I Love You very very very Fucking Much!
```

Your Stupid Pyscho 🥹,
NCSham.